{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red9\green78\blue229;}
\vieww18180\viewh13640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf0 Ryan Toronto <rtoronto@rbmtechnologies.com>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf0 Re: Exec Contact for Group 1\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf0 February 19, 2013 1:35:16 PM EST\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf0 Charles Magid <cmagid@rbmtechnologies.com>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 I don't have anything formally written, just a number of discussions and email exchanges.\
\
The gist of the idea is we are going to use statsd\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/etsy/statsd/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://github.com/etsy/statsd/}} to collect data. There is also graphite, which is a graphing library/tool/framework that lets you easily visualize this data. See more here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codeascraft.etsy.com/2011/02/15/measure-anything-measure-everything/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://codeascraft.etsy.com/2011/02/15/measure-anything-measure-everything/}}\
\
Once this is setup we will be able to graph anything/everything. I'll leave what gets logged up to the individual developers, but the idea here is you can measure any action you want and use those results to\'a0implement/improve features. Think of things you can measure, what can be learned from them, and what gets\'a0implemented\'a0based on those results.\'a0\
\
I'm excited to apply this to\'a0application\'a0usage, load times, and more granular measurements like how exactly do store managers mark compliance.\
\
\
I asked Justin to install all this on a server for me around the new year. He is still working on it, but I think he is close to being finished. Once it is fully setup I will let everyone know how it works.\
\
\
\
\
\
On Tue, Feb 19, 2013 at 1:10 PM, Charles Magid \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:cmagid@rbmtechnologies.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 cmagid@rbmtechnologies.com}}>\uc0\u8236  wrote:\
\
Hi Ryan,\
\
Could you pass your proposal on to me? \'a0\
\
\
Best,\
\
::Charles\
}